proc_mgr: introducing the subscription API (#13)
microbuilder/linaro_step: samples/simple_subscription/README.rst

.. step-shell-sample:

Secure Telemetry Pipeline (STeP) Subscription Example
#####################################################

Overview
********

> This sample exposes a simple subscription procedure, a STeP node chain
> is created then the external application subscribe to its completion and
> republishes the data to the chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates how to use the subscription API.
A STeP node chain is created, and the external application
subscribes to the node chain's completion event, republishing
the data to the node chain.
```
